during this time in Rotterdam twelve points and five rounds to come
it is all said
what you do now
At first it was trying to get out of what was in the bush behind it
that means who is behind it I know yes I do not know yet what it looks like
the gripper
says in the 20
you say the Mexican take well you could say
It would all be about money
or why, for decades, she has the most dangerous animals in the world
hunted
and one day the man says so casually to me you know stupid corner
the only interesting predator what is she worth the man he is
unpredictable but I am on friday
he grasps is the typical head but only in our time he will for it
just as he has paid he will do something else just a little better
he is an outsider of the tractors of the police apparatus
Change to though he works a lot
Everything he does is legal
his success rate
is one hundred percent and in any case fatal
not everyone expelled
so now the harvest of six months is a scanner 2 million
invested
over 8 million got out
the no mom put on
that's how it must be in life and several times
We can do that quietly
the money finally belongs also 1 we our secret radio
that's the way it is
we are no longer accountable to anyone over our finances
I could have liked
so now I can sign contracts with them directly what does that say
Organization let the landlords like it
you always have to stay in the one never